README-template.md, before:

<!--java/js-only badges-->
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.google.maps.android/MVN-REPO)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.google.maps.android/MVN-REPO)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@googlemaps/NPM-REPO)](https://npmjs.com/package/@googlemaps/NPM-REPO)
<!-- MVN-REPO or NPM-REPO may or may not be the same as GH repo, e.g, "android-" -->
<!-- add PyPI links as nec -->

<!--lifecycle badges-->
![Alpha](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-alpha-orange)
![Beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-beta-yellow)
<!-- add other releases as nec -->
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/googlemaps/.github)
![Release](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/workflows/Release/badge.svg)

<!--repo-specific badges-->
![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-green)
[![Tests/Build Status](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/actions/workflows/test.yml)
<!-- ![Tests/Build Status](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/workflows/Test/badge.svg) -->

<!--constant badges-->
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/googlemaps/REPO?color=green)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/googlemaps/REPO?color=blue)][license]
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/676948200904589322?color=6A7EC2&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff)][Discord server]

# New README Template

## Description

This is a sample README file with the recommended sections for new libraries in the <https://github.com/googlemaps> organization. This is where you place the repo contents description.

## Requirements

* [Sign up with Google Maps Platform]
* A Google Maps Platform [project] with the **PRODUCT** enabled
* An [API key] associated with the project above
* (others)

## Installation

Installation guidance here. Where should the installation code be inserted?

```
Installation code snippet
```

## Sample App

Link to the same app that demonstrates this library, if it exists (often a folder within the repo).

## Documentation

See the [documentation] for a full list of classes and their methods.

## Usage

### Feature 1 Heading

Description of feature 1.

```
Feature 1 sample code
```

<details>
  <summary>Feature 2 title</summary>

### Feature 2 title

This demonstrates hiding a long feature section behind an expandable. If using expandables, it would be best to put all but the first most basic sample in expandables.

```javascript
Feature 2 sample code
```

</details>

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and encouraged! If you'd like to contribute, send us a [pull request] and refer to our [code of conduct] and [contributing guide].

OR

External contributions are not (yet) accepted for this repository. See [contributing guide] for more info.

## Terms of Service

This library uses Google Maps Platform services. Use of Google Maps Platform services through this library is subject to the Google Maps Platform [Terms of Service].

This library is not a Google Maps Platform Core Service. Therefore, the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service (e.g. Technical Support Services, Service Level Agreements, and Deprecation Policy) do not apply to the code in this library.

## Support

This library is offered via an open source [license]. It is not governed by the Google Maps Platform Support [Technical Support Services Guidelines, the SLA, or the [Deprecation Policy]. However, any Google Maps Platform services used by the library remain subject to the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service.

This library adheres to [semantic versioning] to indicate when backwards-incompatible changes are introduced. Accordingly, while the library is in version 0.x, backwards-incompatible changes may be introduced at any time.

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please [file an issue] on GitHub. If you would like to get answers to technical questions from other Google Maps Platform developers, ask through one of our [developer community channels]. If you'd like to contribute, please check the [contributing guide].

You can also discuss this library on our [Discord server].

<!--repo-specific anchor links-->
[API key]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/PRODUCT/get-api-key
[maps-sdk]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/PRODUCT
[documentation]: https://googlemaps.github.io/REPO
[jetpack-compose]: https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose
[android-maps-ktx]: https://github.com/googlemaps/android-maps-ktx
[npm-pkg]: https://npmjs.com/package/@googlemaps/NPM-REPO

<!--constant anchor links-->
[code of conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[contributing guide]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[Deprecation Policy]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms
[developer community channels]: https://developers.google.com/maps/developer-community
[Discord server]: https://discord.gg/hYsWbmk
[file an issue]: https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/issues/new/choose
[license]: LICENSE
[pull request]: https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/compare
[project]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/PRODUCT/cloud-setup#enabling-apis
[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org
[Sign up with Google Maps Platform]: https://console.cloud.google.com/google/maps-apis/start
[similar inquiry]: https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/issues
[SLA]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/sla
[Technical Support Services Guidelines]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/tssg
[Terms of Service]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms

Commit message:

chore: more README fixes from template

README-template.md, after:

<!--java/js-only badges-->
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.google.maps.android/MVN-REPO)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.google.maps.android/MVN-REPO)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@googlemaps/NPM-REPO)](https://npmjs.com/package/@googlemaps/NPM-REPO)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/PYPI-PKG.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PYPI-PKG)
<!-- MVN-REPO, NPM-REPO, or PYPI-PKG may or may not be the same as GH repo, e.g, "android-" -->

<!--lifecycle badges-->
![Alpha](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-alpha-orange)
![Beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-beta-yellow)
<!-- add other releases as nec -->
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/googlemaps/.github)
![Release](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/workflows/Release/badge.svg)

<!--repo-specific badges-->
![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-green)
[![Tests/Build Status](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/actions/workflows/test.yml)
<!-- ![Tests/Build Status](https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/workflows/Test/badge.svg) -->

<!--constant badges-->
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/googlemaps/REPO?color=green)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/googlemaps/REPO?color=blue)][license]
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/676948200904589322?color=6A7EC2&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff)][Discord server]

# New README Template (Alpha|Beta|Frozen)

## Description

This is a sample README file with the recommended sections for new libraries in the <https://github.com/googlemaps> organization. This is where you place the description of the project with a hyperlink to the related product's Overview page on developers.google.com.

## Requirements

- [Sign up with Google Maps Platform]
- A Google Maps Platform [project] with the **PRODUCT** enabled
- An [API key] associated with the project above
- (optional) Operating system (and any version) requirements
- (optional) Language(s) (and any version) requirements
- (others)

## Installation

Installation guidance here. Where should the installation code be inserted?

```
Installation code snippet
```

## Sample App

Link to the same app that demonstrates this library, if it exists (often a folder within the repo).

## Documentation

- See the [reference documentation] for a full list of classes and their methods.
- (optional) For more guidance, see the [documentation].

## Usage

### Feature 1 Heading

Description of feature 1.

```
Feature 1 sample code
```

<details>
  <summary>Feature 2 title</summary>

### Feature 2 title

This demonstrates hiding a long feature section behind an expandable. If using expandables, it would be best to put all but the first most basic sample in expandables.

```javascript
Feature 2 sample code
```

</details>

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and encouraged! If you'd like to contribute, send us a [pull request] and refer to our [code of conduct] and [contributing guide].

OR

External contributions are not accepted for this repository. See [contributing guide] for more info.

## Terms of Service

This library uses Google Maps Platform services. Use of Google Maps Platform services through this library is subject to the Google Maps Platform [Terms of Service].

This library is not a Google Maps Platform Core Service. Therefore, the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service (e.g. Technical Support Services, Service Level Agreements, and Deprecation Policy) do not apply to the code in this library.

## Support

This library is offered via an open source [license]. It is not governed by the Google Maps Platform Support [Technical Support Services Guidelines, the SLA, or the [Deprecation Policy]. However, any Google Maps Platform services used by the library remain subject to the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service.

This library adheres to [semantic versioning] to indicate when backwards-incompatible changes are introduced. Accordingly, while the library is in version 0.x, backwards-incompatible changes may be introduced at any time.

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please [file an issue] on GitHub. If you would like to get answers to technical questions from other Google Maps Platform developers, ask through one of our [developer community channels]. If you'd like to contribute, please check the [contributing guide].

You can also discuss this library on our [Discord server].

<!--repo-specific anchor links-->
[API key]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/PRODUCT/get-api-key
[maps-sdk]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/PRODUCT
[reference documentation]: https://googlemaps.github.io/REPO
[documentation]: https://developers.google.com/maps/xxx
[jetpack-compose]: https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose
[android-maps-ktx]: https://github.com/googlemaps/android-maps-ktx
[npm-pkg]: https://npmjs.com/package/@googlemaps/NPM-REPO

<!--constant anchor links-->
[code of conduct]: ?tab=coc-ov-file#readme
[contributing guide]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[Deprecation Policy]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms
[developer community channels]: https://developers.google.com/maps/developer-community
[Discord server]: https://discord.gg/hYsWbmk
[file an issue]: https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/issues/new/choose
[license]: LICENSE
[pull request]: https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/compare
[project]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/PRODUCT/cloud-setup#enabling-apis
[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org
[Sign up with Google Maps Platform]: https://console.cloud.google.com/google/maps-apis/start
[similar inquiry]: https://github.com/googlemaps/REPO/issues
[SLA]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/sla
[Technical Support Services Guidelines]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/tssg
[Terms of Service]: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms
